Fix: #1486. Security considerations review. (#1488)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

## Digest Does Not Protect the Full HTTP Message

This document specifies a data integrity mechanism that protects HTTP
`representation data`, but not HTTP header and trailer fields, from
certain kinds of accidental corruption.

`Digest` is not intended to be a general protection against malicious tampering with
HTTP messages. This can be achieved by combining it with other approaches such
as transport-layer security or digital signatures.

## Digest for End-to-End Integrity

> `Digest` could help protect the `representation data`
> from buggy manipulation, undesired "transforming proxies" (see Section 7.7 of {{SEMANTICS}})
> or other actions as the data passes across multiple hops or system boundaries.
> Even a simple mechanism for end-to-end `representation data` integrity is valuable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Digest` can help detect `representation data` modification due to implementation errors,
undesired "transforming proxies" (see Section 7.7 of {{SEMANTICS}})
or other actions as the data passes across multiple hops or system boundaries.
Even a simple mechanism for end-to-end `representation data` integrity is valuable
```
